is not a common person every
professional photographer at some points
can shoot an event a wedding or just be
out on location using a lot of flash
code and it always happens that when
you're shooting you're going to lose
your battery power at some point and
your refresh rate is going to drop down
to a point which is not usable at all
one way to get around this problem is to
use these external battery packs and
these plug into the front of your flash
and then they clip to your belt and it
just gives you twice the amount of
battery power that you normally have
actually bought one of these units and I
find that I never use it mainly because
I don't like having things connected to
my camera on my body and cords and
cables and it's just too much of a
hassle if you work with multiple
assistants and multiple cameras you're
not going to have any cords hanging off
your camera with Nikon's newest SLR
cameras they run really well on just one
battery and I find that using several
cameras over the course of an event I'm
only using one battery per camera with
Nikon's new NBD 10 vertical battery grip
their camera works completely different
from cameras in the past now there's a
battery in the camera itself and a
second battery in the grip this is great
because now we can take the battery pack
out and the camera still operates with
one battery in the camera since I'm only
using one battery in the camera I have a
lot of empty space in my vertical grip I
think it'd be great if a third party
company would come up with a little tray
that holds double-a batteries that fits
into our grip and then with a little
wire coming out the side plugs power
into the front of our flash this would
be great we would have one battery in
our camera and then we would have our
entire vertical grip powering our flash
this would allow our camera to look and
operate exactly as it did before without
any extra wires coming off of us and our
flash is now much
powerful I sure don't know how to make
this product but I know a third-party
company out there can make these trays
probably for $2 each and they would sell
it on every event photographer that uses
a vertical grip when totally buy the
spot